[docs] Correct the keepMounted section on the Drawer page (#35076)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/components/drawers/drawers.md

### Keep mounted

> The Modal used internally by the Swipable Drawer has the `keepMounted` prop set by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Modal used internally by the Swipeable Drawer has the `keepMounted` prop set by default.
```

This means that the contents of the drawer are always present in the DOM.

> This can be configured using the `ModalProps` prop, however we've seen issues when running under React 18 with `keepMounted: false`.

Reviewer: To be a little more clear and remove "we."

```suggestion
You can change this default behavior with the `ModalProps` prop, but you may encounter issues in React 18 with `keepMounted: false`.
```
